updating description in DLS and FLS docs (#11594)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/field-level-security.md

# Field-level security

Field-level security (FLS) controls the document fields that a role can read in an index. It applies only to read operations, such as search and get, and does not prevent users with write or delete permissions from indexing, updating, or deleting data in those fields. Similarly to [document-level security]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/document-level-security/), you configure field-level security per index within a role.

> The easiest way to get started with field-level security is open OpenSearch Dashboards and choose **Security**. Then choose **Roles**, create a new role, and review the **Index permissions** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get started with FLS is to open OpenSearch Dashboards and choose **Security**. Then choose **Roles**, create a new role, and review the **Index permissions** section.
```
